gh-101549: fix documentation of xml.etree.ElementInclude (#101550)
python/cpython: Doc/library/xml.etree.elementtree.rst

.. module:: xml.etree.ElementInclude

.. function:: xml.etree.ElementInclude.default_loader(href, parse, encoding=None)
   :module:

   Default loader. This default loader reads an included resource from disk.
   *href* is a URL. *parse* is for parse mode either "xml" or "text".
   *encoding* is an optional text encoding. If not given, encoding is ``utf-8``.
   Returns the expanded resource.
   If the parse mode is ``"xml"``, this is an :class:`Element` instance.
   If the parse mode is ``"text"``, this is a string.
   If the loader fails, it can return None or raise an exception.

.. function:: xml.etree.ElementInclude.include(elem, loader=None, base_url=None, \
                                               max_depth=6)
   :module:

>    This function expands XInclude directives.  *elem* is the root element.  *loader* is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This function expands XInclude directives in-place in *elem*.
   *elem* is the root element or an :class:`ElementTree` instance.  *loader* is
```

   Default loader. This default loader reads an included resource from disk.
   *href* is a URL.  *parse* is for parse mode either "xml" or "text".
   *encoding* is an optional text encoding.  If not given, encoding is ``utf-8``.
   Returns the expanded resource.
   If the parse mode is ``"xml"``, this is an :class:`~xml.etree.ElementTree.Element` instance.
   If the parse mode is ``"text"``, this is a string.
   If the loader fails, it can return ``None`` or raise an exception.

.. function:: include(elem, loader=None, base_url=None, max_depth=6)

   This function expands XInclude directives in-place in *elem*.  *elem* is the
   root element or an :class:`~xml.etree.ElementTree.ElementTree` instance.  *loader* is
   an optional resource loader.  If omitted, it defaults to :func:`default_loader`.
   If given, it should be a callable that implements the same interface as
   :func:`default_loader`.  *base_url* is base URL of the original file, to resolve
   relative include file references.  *max_depth* is the maximum number of recursive
   inclusions.  Limited to reduce the risk of malicious content explosion.
   Pass ``None`` to disable the limitation.

>    Returns ``None``.  Updates tree pointed by *elem*.

Reviewer: It is usually never documented that the function returns None, because it is the default behavior. It is better to describe what the function does if the side effect is its purpose. For example:

"This function finds XInclude directives in the tree specified by *elem* and replaces them with resources returned by *loader*. If the expanded resources are elements, repeat this recursively."

Or something like. Then the addition " in-place in *elem*" can be removed.

Author: @serhiy-storchaka , removed return description. Updated text according to suggestions, please check

>    inclusions.  Limited to reduce the risk of malicious content explosion. Pass a
>    negative value to disable the limitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   inclusions.  Limited to reduce the risk of malicious content explosion.
   Pass ``None`` to disable the limitation.
```

>    Returns the expanded resource in *elem*.

Reviewer: I think that using "returns" here is not correct, because the function always returns None.

Perhaps adding "in-place in *elem*" in the initial sentence "This function expands XInclude directives" would be enough.

Please update also the comment for `include()` in sources.

Author: @serhiy-storchaka, updated documentation and source comment as suggested
